[Music]
then but then okay okay of course I'll
notice until tomorrow and I say let's see let's
see this What is it what strong
we say then we say but it's strong it's
strong Yeah because I'm going to tell also the
eyebrow that I told you that
there's an eyebrow that I measured a
little to avoid scandal But in the
end we're not going to link Also with
something else that I had recorded this
morning and I haven't uploaded because I'm stupid
that later I will upload it no but it
's very strong it's not nonsense let's
see
really a bit of nonsense But there
is some nonsense
let's not say that it's nonsense No
really it's not nonsense And I know that the
people here are going to comment on it if that
happened between you and me it would be nonsense
No because it's not going to happen it's not going to happen I
know but let's see listen to me But it would be
scandalous it's not
nonsense as such but it's an act it's not a it's not
nonsense the news
in Yes I think that when we
demo it they are going to follow with all the other
press and written media and everything yes no yes yes
also the headline but  the
headline is not going to be as it is when we
tell it but rather a separation not
something that stops people that we
normally talk about here quite
drastic it is quite drastic But
because it is like the game of Mouse
No now yes Now no now it is all very
we are here in Bajara like that Yes I think it
is a bit of a pose maybe
Tell me what has happened Antonio David
these days with his right that I still have not
seen it in full How is it that you have not
seen
three hours three hours he did live I saw
one that I found very interesting and very
powerful that in the attempted
suicide Or rather that he still Says that that
is a lie that the reports do not say
that So you who know the
documentary of peapa like I do explain to me
Then what papers were the ones that they
took out that the papers there were some
papers that said admission for attempted
suicide and voluntary escape or discharge due to
escape or something like that So what happens
is that it is a rather delicate subject yes it
is true that no no no Of course of course
for me it
is not the first time I This about the
dizziness issue, it is not the first time that I
hear about it  on the subject but I don't know about you, it's not
the first time I've heard the others, I get
dizzy. As soon as I was watching it
live, when I was listening to it, I said, oh
my God, you'll see what the networks are
going to give him now and it has been real, it has
been like that. I also believe that if Antonio
David has made that statement, he is not
going to do it out of thin air. I mean, I sense that there is
knowledge of things because that is what I
told you that I have also seen
certain documentation and certain things have not. So it is
true that at the
time in the documentary there was
documentation that this documentation
existed, but of course we
also talk about. Well, about unbiased things, I
can attest that that was the case. I mean, when I
saw some things and then I saw it in
person and I said, There is something
wrong here, no, I am not going to be the one who because on
social networks they are going to give me a hard time
that you question the suicide attempt of
a victim of gender violence just
as I do not consider her a victim, just
as in general I do not usually doubt what I
see, what I believe, what I live,
what is such but in this specific case I am
going to doubt because I have  lived because I
've seen other things and because I know what's
behind it Of course I'm going to doubt
but if it were Rocío Carrasco or
Rocío Corosco being a man there
would be doubt just like people
are very heavy with machismo and it's that
a woman in this deal in this case
we know what has been behind it we have
been commenting on it for two years we have seen
the interests we have seen everything so
Enough no longer with this issue The truth is that
when Antonio David said on the one hand
applaud on the other hand I said the one who is
coming the one who is coming no but Pilar
eh a kiss Pilar Gallego I think another
Pilar I think it's the one you
referred to and she's sending you a wink it's
not her no who Pila Gallego is the one who
said the other day I'm also the
good one there's no Pilar I don't know I think so I think it is
yes it seems to me that if it happens that of
course she is sending there the wink and she is a
little
jealous please there is for everyone eh There is
for everything that it will fall on her in the networks for
saying that why has it fallen on her and when
no no Of course it has fallen on me  I mean
at the level of criticism But because we already
know how people are and this
topic is a topic that no matter how
calm it is now that it is not the busy season, it does
not stop and let's remember that I think it was the
world and also us well the world the
first the first to question
it's that clear You have to be I don't know if clear It's that
nowadays facing what is easy or
this pack of sheep that seems like we
all have to be indoctrinated and
follow what public opinion
considers to be right the easy or
the correct thing it seems that when you go a
little against the grain you are already Wow That was
when I think the world did not question
that by also releasing the reports
We also went behind it fell on us
I remember that the octopus fell on us at
that time and it's like let's see it's that
if you ask me my opinion
based on what I've seen I think that
also well I don't want to bring in the mother
if of the day because Karina if not she
will write to me again and she will not
want to anymore
no well it's that me too Of course it
is rare the fact that a person
who has had a suicide attempt
instead of being accompanied with  her partner who is
also supposed to be in the documentary the one
she
literally tells is that she is the one who saves her
life because she finds her and thank goodness she was
there it turns
out that Antonio David says that
somehow it appears that she arrives with his
mother-in-law in a taxi
works at the hospital or rather he wants to
tell you or what do you think the mother-in-law Of course of course
in the hospital of course I
wonder one thing and now I'm going to
smoke I wonder one thing if Antonio
David has this report but his
mother works from the one we're talking about you
know what a coincidence okay Yeah well let's see I'll
also tell you I mean you go to the hospital
that's closer to you they treat you
better you have more confidence I mean I wouldn't
have either because the issue here
is the papers I don't care who
works there or anything because we're not discussing this
the trust I have with them and so on The
thing here would be if Antonio David
says that he has
some papers in which it doesn't say an
attempted suicide and it says dizziness and that he
also doesn't call an ambulance and that he
arrives with his mother-in-law calmly as if he were at
home walking and Fidel at home in the
consultation on the phone my son that's
simply  taking that out you load the
entire documentary that the hospital I think I
think if I'm not mistaken it was 30 or
40 km away I mean it's not that I want to
tell you I don't know but it's that I sincerely it's that
no but and sorry but it's that and I
consider myself a really good girl but it's that I do
n't believe it not after what
we've seen
for me a weighty argument he the role
Marina the role That's why that's why I'm
telling you that the role the papers I is what I
told you that as a result of this and as a
result of what she contributed And of what we've
all seen and how we've seen it
I already told you that I also
met I
was with Ivan I was with Antonio David I saw certain things I'm not going to say that I saw at any time the dizziness or anything like that but it's true that there are certain things that don't fit me nor do they fit me in this nor
So it's like
then
there is but it's that he works here there but it
's fundamental Yes but what I'm saying is
this man
with this crushing because I Of course
I I have an opinion on what  I see the same as leaving
with her So my son, if this
man has a paper that tells you
that this lady was admitted for dizziness
and that she went with her mother-in-law in such and such, yes, she arrived at the
hospital with her mother-in-law by taxi and it's just that
Take out that report
how is it going to be illegal Of course it's
her report and maybe they can
report him for her vulnerable privacy,
man Of course you can't take it out
Of course
Antonio David But he can take out that
report no, you can't make it public
and he can say Hey, do you give me authorization for
those to whom the real report
and such And of course and so the other party
tells you no, well then Of course he's going to tell
you Of course he's going to tell you no Well then we
draw our
conclusions Of course, but of course, of course they
will be exposed a little no but of course
you are telling me that you have a
paper that simply with a paper that I
already remember I who in his day Iván
Iván Hernández in his day I remember
perfectly that he went with one of
these fp2 masks this Hey
disgusting the [ __ ] masks that
we had to wear and Iván came out in
Ana Rosa in the morning  saying is that there is
a report that does not fit with this I
mean hoop Now I connect what
Ivan said that morning with what
Antonio is saying there was now But I want to
see it it loads the
entire documentary Marina that report
is that it loads it completely you know what
happens that I look at
this data a data that has nothing to
do with the report itself or with the subject
itself but it is true that
that report by Rocío Carrasco coincides
with several previous ones but I'm talking to you about
previous days bar weeks previous many in a
row of different ones I'm not talking to you
psychological doctors or I mean like with an
intentionality you understand me not
as an intentionality of that I'm talking to you
as data as curiosity you understand me that you are
seeing what we talked about the
other day about I have not been able judicially I
go immediately that that is not
subtraction in the case that this was like that
but it is at the level of curiosity of
[ __ ] What a coincidence man that
one week the next everything is blank
and suddenly another another another another
another you know it looks like a boom
boom boom boom like a not
very measured strategy What a coincidence dude So  He
marks you no when you question something like that
I know that you hold on to
what you have to hold on to but then there are
some indications and an environment and a
context that is that you understand what I
want to tell you that it seems that it seems that
people say if you are making a
series with 4 million viewers
where you are selling this people
also have the right to speculate and give their
opinion and to believe not to believe whatever
as long as we don't accuse Of anything But of
course Of course yes Of
course yes I can believe whatever I want
and then he has always said
[Music]